Adding quickstart page and updating README with the same content (#174)
JoshKarpel/spiel: README.md

![The first slide of the demo deck](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/main/docs/assets/demo.svg)
![The demo deck in "deck view"](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/main/docs/assets/deck.svg)

## Quick Start:

The most basic Spiel presentation looks like this:

```python
from spiel import Deck, present

deck = Deck(name="Your Deck Name")

@deck.slide(title="Slide 1 Title")
def slide1():

>     content = """
>     Your content here
>     """
>     return content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return "Your content here!"
```
let's make this as simple as humanly possible

if __name__ == "__main__":
    present(__file__)
```

> And when you run the Python file:

Reviewer: Let's explicitly note how to do this, e.g. something like "put the above code in `deck.py` then run `python deck.py`"

> ![Barebones slide](./docs/assets/quickstart1.svg)

Reviewer: I was playing with these over the last few days - I should really write a contribution guide to describe how to do this...

There's a script at https://github.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/blob/30e676bee4bed388eaaa8901cc41f734b1ecc2d6/docs/generate_screenshots.py#L62-L64 that is hooked up to `pre-commit` (incidentally, make sure to install `pre-commit` and then run `pre-commit install`). The idea is to make sure all the screenshots are always up-to-date and to identify any changes elsewhere that cause those screenshots to change. So, I'd prefer if you could refactor that script so that it can work with a deck that isn't the demo deck, and to generate these screenshots via that script.

Also note how I did the URLs in https://github.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/pull/174/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R24-R25 - that should make them work on PyPI next time I release 🤞🏻 (this `README.md` becomes the PyPI project description).

Author: I made some updates in my branch, but I'm failing the pre-commit because "TypeError: SpielApp.__init__() got an unexpected keyword argument 'show_messages'"

Everything looks fine, but it's failing for me in the main pre-commit too, so I don't think it was introduced by my changes. Any ideas what might be going wrong there?

Reviewer: Interesting, I can't reproduce, but presumably it's failing inside `generate_screenshots.py`? I suspect the problem is that you might have `spiel` installed via `pip` and it's overriding the local install. I recommend redoing your `poetry install` and making sure you're in `poetry shell`. I should really write some contributing docs...

Author: Hmm, yeah it's failing in `generate_screenshots.py`. I wasn't using poetry, just pip install and a virtual environment. I installed poetry, but I'm not super familiar with it or what I should be doing differently. Is it as simple as `poetry shell` and then `git commit`? Or are there other things I should be doing in there?

Reviewer: Pretty much! I threw together a quick guide here https://www.spiel.how/contributing/#initial-setup ; feel free to edit that too if it doesn't work as expected.

Author: Thanks, that worked!

> To recap, you first create a Deck object that has the name of your presentation. Then you create slide functions, add content into a triple-quoted string (aka a multiline string) and return it, and add the slide to the Deck with the `@deck.slide()` decorator. Finally, you call `present()` to generate the presentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To recap, you first create a `Deck` that has the name of your presentation.
Then you create slide functions with the `@deck.slide()` decorator.
The slide function should return anything that [Rich can render](https://rich.readthedocs.io/en/stable/console.html#printing) - that return value will be displayed as the slide in the presentation.
Finally, you call `present()` to run the presentation.
```

Some content changes, plus I like one slide/clause per line to make diffs easier to read.

> You can make your slides a lot prettier, of course. Spiel renders its slides using Rich, so you can bring in Rich functionality to spruce up your slides.

Reviewer: Can probably drop this with the change I suggested above since I mention Rich earlier, though I do like this line, maybe work it back in somehow?
